The options within the body section work great, but I would like to extend it to be able to do something like this.

{ noTurtle, noTouchon : 'xxxxxxxxx'},
{ turtle : 'xxxxx' },
{ touchon : 'xxxxx }

This would check if touch-on was applied either at the wash selection screen, or on the touch-on yes/no screen.



--------------


Major modification.

The touchOn / turtle wax thing is causing some major confusions with the application.
Lets just move the touch-on radio button to the wash selection page permanently. Remove the touch-on decision process in-line instruction completely (keep the code available if something else could use it in future).
This just makes the touch-on product the same as turtle wax, and rainx.  Since it is a coating, only 1 can ever be selected, so it is just a coating product like turtle wax.

I should still be able to select touch-on or turtle wax if I choose. But the boxes should give clear information about days left before needing
reapplication. This change is really because it is now time based for both products, whereas I assumed it should be visual, based on the look of water on the car.
I have made some crude modifications to the styles, now the wash selection radio options are colour coded (green/orange/red) to visually highlight
the current stage of this product before I start a wash.

Let me run through the order of things and lets see if the app can be modified to accommodate this;
apply turtle wax -> orange warning 30 days before reapply -> red warning 10 days before reapply -> 0days/overdue flashing red warning
after 40 days of turtle wax -> apply touch-on -> orange warning 14 days before reapply -> red warning 7 days before reapply -> 0days/overdue flashing red warning.
turtle wax reapplication 180 days, touch-on reapplication 40 days.

Since I don't want to be without any protection on the car at all the turtle wax cycle should fall in line with the last touch-on cycle if within the 30 day orange window.
If there was still 35 days left before I reapply turtle wax, and the touch-on needs reapplying now.  If I wait for 35 days then the car will be without
any coating for 35 days. This can't happen. So I should still apply the touch-on. Then, when the next touch-on application is required in 40 days the app
should inform me that it is now a safe time to apply a fresh turtle wax coating.

If I need to reapply touch-on, but see there is only 30 days (or less) before the turtle wax needs reapplying the app should highlight this wash should "Just reapply turtle wax
now, 30 days early.".

I should never apply turtle wax until at least 40 days after touch-on. Reapplying a fresh turtle wax coating can happen upto 30 days before the 180 day timer.


Since both of these are now coating options, can the body text change to incorporate something like

{ noCoating : 'Text to display if no coatings are applied this wash'},
{ turtle : 'Text to display if turtle wax is applied this wash' },
{ touchon : 'Text to display if touch-on is applied this wash }

Can the warning box (below body) also be able to take parameters like this.
